Initial strawman of EXID-TYPE registry (#127)
FamilySearch/GEDCOM: specification/gedcom-03-datamodel.md

Depending on the maintaining authority, an `EXID` may be a unique identifier for the subject, an identifier for 1 of several views of the subject, or an identifier for the externally-maintained copy of the same information as is contained in this structure. However, unlike `UID` and `REFN`, `EXID` does not identify a structure; structures with the same `EXID` may have originated independently rather than by edits from the same starting point.

> `EXID` identifiers are expected to be unique and durable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`EXID` identifiers are expected to be unique. Once assigned, an `EXID` identifier should never be re-used for any other purpose.
```
